1. Responsible for task related to events management: -Update the European Chambers website for planned events in Guangzhou, -Sending invitations through our system or personal emails and making phone calls, - Creating registration lists for the respective events in Guangzhou, - Events Attendance -Responsible for the registration desk (set up, banners, brochures registration lists, collecting entrance fees, issuing receipts, photos, etc) of the events in Guangzhou, 2.Responsible for Working Group (WG) / Forum: -Complete specific research on issues/regulations/policies (where in Chinese)  in preparation for Working Groups/Forums meetings in Guangzhou, -Creating and updating chartsas requested by the Deputy Manager, -Provide translation assistance related to government communication but not limited to that, -Research on WG/Forum Related policy, regulations, and preparing WG/Forum specialized e-newsletter to be sent out to WG/Forum members, -Update Government Offices contact list database, -Update WG/Forums Mailing Lists. 3. Responsible for tasks related to office administration: -Learn the various office functions to help contribute to a stable work flow and execute these in own accord or under guidance, e.g. manage name cards printing and stock, water supply, stationery, copier/printing machine cartridge, water supply, etc. Required Skills: 1. Excellent command of spoken and written English and Mandarin 2. Fast-learning ability3. Flexible and proactive attitude 4. Background in law, business, economics or administration preferred 5. Fourth year students preferred 6. Organizational, communication, social and presentation skills 7. Computer literacy, including Outlook, Word, Excel The internship will run for 6 months. First 3 months will not get subsidiary, 2000RMB per month will be given from the fourth month on. Please note that the intern shall work five days a week in the China Shine Plaza in Guangzhou. Upon successful completion of the internship, a letter of recommendation from the Chamber will be provided as a reference. 