JOB PURPOSE:1.  Implement marketing activities to achieve the goals of product promotion and market access according to the assigned target and performance requirement.     执行产品推广工作，按照年度设定的绩效目标达成产品推广目标和市场准入目标•      Deliver product information and promote products by visiting local POV, CDC and other medical care institution, achieve the KPI of visiting target on the basis of the company’ s policies and market strategies.        按照公司政策及产品推广策略，拜访所在地区疫苗接种点，和疾病控制中心医疗保健机构，传递正确有效的产品信息，推广公司疫苗产品，并且达到公司规定的日常拜访的KPI要求。•      Organize academic activities in accordance with the company’s policies and marketing strategies, expand and penetrate the market with both new and existing products, achieve goals of market access.        按照公司政策及产品推广策略，执行产品的学术推广活动，达成年度设定的工作目标，包括重点产品推广目标，新市场的产品准入等主要工作。•      Territory management by sustaining regular contact with customers in the existing markets and develops new customers in the potential markets; provides accurate customer and market information; establish customer relationship management according to the company's requirements.        按照公司推广政策的规定，做好辖区管理工作，主要包括：维护现有市场的客户并开发潜力市场的客户；收集该地区的客户信息和市场信息，并且按公司的要求做好客户关系的信息管理工作。2.  Initiate the promotion activity in professional way and comply with the proper codes of conduct.     执行专业推广，遵守正确的行为规范     •     Possess the product characteristics and key information about the market promotion, pass the product knowledge test in order to promote products effectively and efficiently; perform professional and proficiently using the product knowledge in promotional activities, express products competitive advantage.        正确有效地按公司策略推广产品，学习和掌握产品特性及推广的关键信息，通过相关产品知识考试；并且在推广活动中能够熟练运用产品知识进行产品宣讲，发挥我们的产品竞争优势。•      Comply with the codes of conduct specified in Employee Handbook, meet the requirement of SOP, ensure no violations while perform promotion activities; use all promotional materials and deliver product information in an appropriate and honest way according to the marketing strategies.        在执行日常推广工作中，遵守公司员工手册规定的行为规范，符合公司SOP要求，无违规违纪行为；并且在执行推广活动时，按照市场营销策略正确使用产品推广材料，正确有效传达产品信息。•      Report adverse reaction events promptly in accordance with the company’s policies and assist relevant departments to dealing with it.        按照公司流程及时上报不良反应事件并协助公司相关部门处理。KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:Bachelor degree or above in medical or related industry will be preferred.  医药或相关行业大学本科或以上学历优先High sense of responsibility, good sales performance and professional ethics.  高度的责任感，良好的销售业绩及职业道德Customer-oriented, ability of self-motivation. 良好的客户服务能力，善于学习及自我激励Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 良好的沟通及人际交往能力